Close Tabs Pro/Action Form popup Actions (#77)
plantanapp/documentation: docs/actions/close-tabs-popup.md

---
id: close-tabs-popup
title: Close Tabs Popup
sidebar_label: Close Tabs Popup
---

> Audience: [`Citizen Developer`](/docs/audience#citizen-developers)<br/>
> Skill Prerequisites: `Using Form Builder`

This action allows you to manually trigger a close Tabs Pro action for the specified Action Form. Depending on the Action selected, the remaining actions will also execute.

## `Actions Covered by this Document`

| Action | Purpose |
| -- | -- |
| Close Tabs Pro Popup And Continue Execution | Closes the specified Tabs Pro popup and then continues to subsequent actions on the button and submission. |

> | Close Tabs Pro Popup And Stop Execution | Closes the specified Tabs Pro popup and then stops further execution of both subsequent actions and submission. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Close Action Form Popup And Stop Execution | Closes the specified Action Form popup and then stops further execution of both subsequent actions and HTTP Post submission. |
```
